*Infer.NET compiler, run-time binary, and Infer.NET Fun*

This Microsoft Research License Agreement, including all exhibits
("MSR-LA") is a legal agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation
(“Microsoft” or “we”) for the software or data identified above and as
more fully described in **Exhibit A**, which may include a compiler
binary, a run-time binary, source code, and any associated materials,
text or speech files, associated media and "online" or electronic
documentation and any updates we provide in our discretion (together,
the "Software").

By executing this MSR-LA and/or by installing, copying, or otherwise
using this Software you agree to be bound by the terms of this MSR-LA.
If you do not agree, do not install copy or use the Software. The
Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws
and is licensed, not sold.

**SCOPE OF RIGHTS:**

**Compiler Binary**

You may use the compiler binary for this Software for any non-coercial
purpose, subject to the restrictions in this MSR-LA. Some purposes which
can be non-coercial are teaching, academic research, public
demonstrations and personal experimentation.

You may not distribute the compiler binary for this Software or any
derivative works in any form. For purposes of clarity, a derivative work
does not include any code generated as a result of running the compiler
binary in its intended form and non-commercial purpose (“Generated
Code”).

You may distribute Generated Code for non-commercial purposes, as
provided herein. If you distribute Generated Code, you will distribute
it under the same terms and conditions as in this license, and you will
not grant other rights to the compiled code that are different from
those provided by this MSR-LA.

**Other Software components**

Except for the compiler binary, you may use, copy, reproduce, and
distribute this Software for any non-coercial purpose, subject to the
restrictions in this MSR-LA. Some purposes which can be non-coercial are
teaching, academic research, public demonstrations and personal
experimentation. For purposes of clarity, this Software includes any
code generated as a result of running the compiler binary in its
intended form and non-commercial purpose. You may also distribute only
the object code form of this Software with books or other teaching
materials, or publish the Software on websites, that are intended to
teach the use of the Software for academic or other non-commercial
purposes.

You may not use or distribute this Software or any derivative works in
any form for coercial purposes. Examples of coercial purposes would be
running business operations, licensing, leasing, or selling the
Software, distributing the Software for use with coercial products,
using the Software in the creation or use of commercial products or any
other activity which purpose is to procure a coercial gain to you or
others.

If the Software includes source code or data, you may create derivative
works of such portions of the Software and distribute only the object
code form of the modified Software for non-coercial purposes, as
provided herein.

If you distribute the Software or any derivative works of the Software,
you will distribute them under the same terms and conditions as in this
license, and you will not grant other rights to the Software or
derivative works that are different from those provided by this MSR-LA.

If you have created derivative works of the Software, and distribute
such derivative works, you will cause the modified files to carry
prominent notices so that recipients know that they are not receiving
the original Software. Such notices must state: (i) that you have
changed the Software; and (ii) the date of any changes.

In return, we simply require that you agree:

1.  That you will not remove any copyright or other notices from
    the Software.

2.  **That if any of the Software is in binary format, you will not
    attempt to modify such portions of the Software, or to reverse
    engineer or decompile them, except and only to the extent authorized
    by applicable law. **

3.  That Microsoft is granted back, without any restrictions or
    limitations, a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free,
    assignable and sub-licensable license, to reproduce, publicly
    perform or display, install, use, modify, post, distribute, make and
    have made, sell and transfer your modifications to and/or derivative
    works of the Software source code or data, for any purpose.

4.  That any feedback about the Software provided by you to us is
    voluntarily given, and Microsoft shall be free to use the feedback
    as it sees fit without obligation or restriction of any kind, even
    if the feedback is designated by you as confidential.

5.  Term of MSR-LA. This MSR-LA shall continue to remain in force without
    limit in time, unless earlier terminated by Microsoft in writing at any
    time without cause. Upon termination, you will cease use of the
    Software, and if so requested, promptly return to Microsoft, or certify
    destruction of, all full or partial copies of the Software provided
    by Microsoft.

6.  THAT THE SOFTWARE COMES "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO
    EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, any
    warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the Software OR ANY
    WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. There is no warranty that this
    Software will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs. **ALSO,
    YOU MUST PASS THIS DISCLAIMER ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR
    DERIVATIVE WORKS**.

7.  THAT NEITHER MICROSOFT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTOR TO THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS MSR-LA, INCLUDING
    DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, TO THE
    MAXIMUM EXTENT THE LAW PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT IS BASED
    ON. **ALSO, YOU MUST PASS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ON WHENEVER YOU
    DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.**

8.  That we have no duty of reasonable care or lack of negligence, and we
    are not obligated to provide technical support for the Software.

9.  That if you breach this MSR-LA or if you sue anyone over patents that
    you think may apply to or read on the Software or anyone's use of the
    Software, this MSR-LA (and your license and rights obtained herein)
    terminate automatically. Upon any such termination, you shall destroy
    all of your copies of the Software immediately. Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,
    8, 9, 12 and 13 of this MSR-LA shall survive any termination of this
    MSR-LA.

10. That the patent rights, if any, granted to you in this MSR-LA only
    apply to the Software, not to any derivative works you make.

11. That the Software may be subject to export jurisdiction at the time
    it is licensed to you, and it may be subject to additional export or
    import laws in other places.  You agree to comply with all such laws and
    regulations that may apply to the Software after delivery of the
    software to you.

12. That all rights not expressly granted to you in this MSR-LA are
    reserved.

13. That this MSR-LA shall be construed and controlled by the laws of
    the State of Washington, USA, without regard to conflicts of law. If any
    provision of this MSR-LA shall be deemed unenforceable or contrary to
    law, the rest of this MSR-LA shall remain in full effect and interpreted
    in an enforceable manner that most nearly captures the intent of the
    original language.


**EXHIBIT A**

**DESCRIPTION OF SOFTWARE**

*Infer.NET compiler, run-time binary, and Infer.NET Fun*

Infer.NET is a .NET library for machine learning. It provides
state-of-the-art algorithms for inference in graphical models. The
software consists of a Compiler Binary, a Runtime Binary and various
other source code, binaries, and documentation to support the use and
understanding of the software.

The Compiler Binary (Infer.Compiler.dll and related files) refers to
that part of the software which takes a description of a graphical
model, processes it, and generates source code for performing inference.
The Runtime Binary (Infer.Runtime.dll and related files) is the binary
needed to run the inference using the generated code.

Infer.NET Fun is a fragment of F\# for writing Infer.NET models as
probabilistic programs. The software consists of the Fun Binary
(Infer.Fun.dll and related files) and various other source code and
documentation to support the use and understanding of the software.
